6 Do you think Lin Wenling will really come back?
Holy, don't worry.
From what I know about him
He will definitely come.
For him
The most important thing at the moment is his mother
Liu Wenli, did you play well in the game?
Stop talking nonsense
Who are we Qin?
You'll see right away.
Li Wenli sent a message to the Yan family man on her mobile phone
Let him go to the abandoned factory
What do you want?
Why? You'll know soon enough.
Send someone directly to the abandoned factory
When someone comes, pull it out for me directly.
You let me go
What are you scums doing?
revenge
Hand in hand, you are waiting to see a good show
This showdown?
Will be the battle of the century
Nice job!
After this game is over
South East Asia and
I will ban you from the black circle market in Africa
Las Vegas in the United States is also your world
But one of them was born.
After I found out about this game
I'll arrange for someone to help you escape to Las Vegas
Ok, thank you.
Sir?
I will definitely do this well.
Lin Wenlin Yan Family Male
Since you are all so ignorant of praise
Then don't blame me for being cruel to you